---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-30T02:48:25.046Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-30T02:48:12.664Z'
title: Bio
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-30-bio.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: bio/index.html
_type: Article

---
Dave Thompson began playing guitar at 13 and studied Jazz Composition with Herb Pomeroy at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. He has worked in concert halls, festivals, summer resorts, clubs, musical theatre, radio and TV, as well as on many CDs as a sideman, producer or arranger. Recent work includes tours with Juno-winners Kellylee Evans and Susan Aglukark, and with various artists at the Waterloo Jazz Room, Registry Theatre and other venues. Dave was also fortunate to open for George Benson, Richard Bona, Chris Botti and others as a member of Kellylee Evans' group.

He has performed several shows with Drayton Entertainment and with the Stratford Festival productions of "Tommy", "Wanderlust" and "Jesus Christ Superstar". He is an adjunct professor at Heritage College in Cambridge teaching music business, performance and recording arts. Over his studio career he has played, engineered, produced and arranged for many clients as well as on his own releases, including the 2007 vocal jazz-pop CD "found. Wanting."

Dave credits Kenny Munshaw with much of his early experience and development as a working musician. His guitar and writing influences include Joe Pass, Pat Metheny, John Scofield, Alex Lifeson, Duke Ellington, Reg Schwager, Joni Mitchell, Wes Montgomery, Gil Evans, Sting, George Benson, Lyle Lovett and many more.